the goal of step 5 is to make in
the white cross the side colors
match the centers
let's see how to do it
we look now at how many edges there are
that have a side color like the
center is not
this is not
it's like this
and this is not only one we want there to be
two therefore we turn the face
superior to see we will contact the time
this is not
it's like this
this one if it does not
that is, we have the two that we were looking for
there are two possibilities that the two that
they coincide they are side by side
as is the case or that they were put
that is to say that this was fine and that
is
let's see what to do in each case
if the two edges that are good are
next to each other we hold the cube
so that they are on the right side and
on the back face
now we will only move the right face and
the top face and we'll look at this
couple of pieces in our case the
view of the red and blue and the vertex the
red blue and yellow
we will raise the couple to the upper face and
we will take her out for a walk
we will stop the movement of the face
right
the couple will leave even more patient
we will turn the right face to bring the
yellows
the couple will return completely from
ride and will lower your position
we will see that the center does not coincide with the
view but if we rotate the top face
Now this does match this too
as well
if the two edges that are good not
are side by side but that
they are in opposite positions for example
is
and this is to say these two what we will do
will apply the movements of the case
previous and so we will get them to be
together
let's look at this couple here
and we raise it to the upper face and the
We took the walk down the yellows
we take out more to walk to the wall
we climb the yellows
the couple returns completely and lowers their
position now we will have this list well
and this too, however, this will be
wrong and this will be wrong we hold the bucket
so that those who are well are in
the right face on the back face and we
we look at this pair of pieces
We climbed to the top face and
We took the walk down the yellows
the couple goes out for more walks
we climb the yellows the couple returns
completely the ride and go down to your
position
now this does not match but if we turn
the top face will coincide the 4
and now the time to go to step 6
to me